rocc - C Code Operations in Ruby

Copyright (C) 2014-2016  Thilo Fischer

rocc is free software with a multi-license approach. You can
redistribute it and/or modify it as if it was under the terms of the
GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version as long as you comply with the following additonal
requirement:

When you contribute to the rocc software or publishing work based on
rocc that you must published open source due to the GNU General Public
License copyleft principle, you must license your work in a way that
allows the copy right holder of rocc to integrate your work into his
version of rocc and still allows the copyright holder to release his
version of rocc under other additional licenses that allows work based
on rocc to be licensed under non-GPLv3-compatible open source licenses
and also commercial closed-source licenses.

You can achieve this e.g. by licensing the work you publish under the same
license as rocc (recommended), by dual-licensing your work under an
open source license with copyleft restriction and an additional
specific license that grants the rocc copyright holder the necessary
rights, by publishing it under a license with no copyleft (e.g. BSD,
MIT) or sufficiently weak copyleft, or by releasing your work to the
public domain.

By contibuting to this program by publishing modifications and/or
additions made to rocc's source code you agrees to the right of rocc's
copyright holder to multi-license the program including your
contributions to allow work based on rocc to be published under
non-GPLv3-compatible licenses. The copyright of the contribution stays
with the contributor, the copyright of the overall program and the
right to multi-license it stays with the copyright holder of the
overall program.

Any software utilizing rocc's libraries or its command line interface
is regarded as work based on rocc for which the copyleft principle of
the GPL applies.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
